AFM: Docs for the April release (#29)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/afm-run-test-now.adoc

:imagesdir: ../assets/images

You can run a test on demand without waiting for the current interval of its schedule to elapse. Doing so does not reset the schedule, which continues to count down to the end of the current interval.

== Procedure

> . In the list of your monitors, select the monitor that includes the test that you want to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the list of monitors, select the one that includes the test that you want to run.
```
